Adds Mark Henderson as a ZIP editor (#1083)
zcash/zips: zips/zip-0000.rst

* update the <zips@z.cash> email alias, and
* invite new Editors to the Zcash Community Forum, and the #zips channel on Discord.

> Whenever it has been at least 12 months since either:
> 
> * the last ZIP Editor change; or
> * this ZIP was last reviewed,
> 
> the ZIP Editors SHOULD:
> 
> * review this ZIP to make sure it reflects current practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever it has been at least 12 months since this ZIP was last reviewed
(whether or not that was a review in response to a ZIP Editor change), the
ZIP Editors SHOULD review this ZIP again to make sure that it reflects
current practice.
```
